Update common-errors.md (#10349)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/common-errors.md

search.appverid: met150
---

> # Handling REST API Errors 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Handling REST API errors 
```

[!INCLUDE [Microsoft 365 Defender rebranding](../../includes/microsoft-defender.md)]

> HTTP error responses are divided to 2 categories:
> * Client error (400-code level) – client sent an invalid request or not according to defeintions.
> * Server error (500-level) – server failed temporarly to fulfill the request or server error occured. reseding the HTTP reqeust might help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP error responses are divided into two categories:
* Client error (400-code level) – the client sent an invalid request or the request is not in accordance with definitions.
* Server error (500-level) – the server temporarily failed to fulfill the request or a server error occurred. Try sending the HTTP request again.
```

DisallowedOperation|Forbidden (403)|{the disallowed operation and the reason}.
NotFound|Not Found (404)|General Not Found error message.
ResourceNotFound|Not Found (404)|Resource {the requested resource} was not found.
TooManyRequests|Too Many Requests (429)|Response will represent reaching quota limit either by number of requests or by CPU.
InternalServerError|Internal Server Error (500)|(No error message, retry the operation.)

## Throttling   
The HTTP client may receive a 'Too Many Requests error (429)' when the number of HTTP requests in a given time frame exceeds the allowed number of calls per API.

> The HTTP client should delay resubmitting further HTTPS requests and then submit them in a way that complies with the rate limitations. A Retry-After in the response header indicating how long to wait (in seconds) before making a new request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP client should delay resubmitting further HTTPS requests and then submit them in a way that complies with the rate limitations. A Retry-After in the response header indicates how long to wait (in seconds) before making a new request.
```

> Ignoring the 429 response or trying to resubmit HTTP requests in a shorter time frame will cause return of 429 error code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignoring the 429 response or trying to resubmit HTTP requests in a shorter time frame will cause a return of the 429 error code.
```

DisallowedOperation|Forbidden (403)|{the disallowed operation and the reason}.
NotFound|Not Found (404)|General Not Found error message.
ResourceNotFound|Not Found (404)|Resource {the requested resource} was not found.
TooManyRequests|Too Many Requests (429)|Response will represent reaching quota limit either by number of requests or by CPU.

> InternalServerError|Internal Server Error (500)|(No error message, retry the operation)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InternalServerError|Internal Server Error (500)|(No error message, retry the operation.)
```

## Throttling   

> Clients may receive 'Too Many Requests error (429)' when the number of HTTP requests in a given time frame exceed the allowed number of calls per API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may receive a 'Too Many Requests error (429)' when the number of HTTP requests in a given time frame exceeds the allowed number of calls per API.
```

> The client should delay resubmitting farther HTTPS requests in a way that comply with the rate limitations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should delay resubmitting further HTTPS requests and then submit them in a way that complies with the rate limitations. 
```

> Ignoring 429 response or trying to resubmit HTTP reqeusts in a shorter time frame will cause the the calculated requests rate to stay high for longer time frame in which the server will keep responding with 429 error code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignoring the 429 response or trying to resubmit HTTP requests in a shorter time frame will cause the calculated request rate to stay high for a longer time, during which the server will keep responding with a 429 error code.
```
